Enable setting mocha timeout as an environment variable (#2218)
wix/yoshi: docs/api/cli.md

Run unit tests with Mocha

> You can set environment variable `MOCHA_TIMEOUT` to set the default timeout for mocha tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set environment variable `MOCHA_TIMEOUT` to set the timeout for mocha tests.
defaults to 30000ms
```
